---
layout: post
title: The Finish Line
category: life
---
Today I graduate from Texas A&M University. 

Truly a dream come true.

It's hard to express my joy and excitement in words. It's been the most tremendous three years of my life in terms of personal growth and development. I've achieved so much so quickly and sometimes it's nice to sit down and reflect on the past. I've learned countless lessons during my college career thus far but I know that there are an infinite amount of other things that I have yet to experience. While I can stand and say that I've worked hard for everything I've achieved so far, I know it would not have been possible without the endless love and support I've received from my parents, siblings, family, people I've met while at Texas A&M, and everyone else from my past. They are the people that drive me.

I absolutely couldn't have asked for better parents in my life. My parents have provided me with endless and unforgiving support in all the things that I've done and allowed me to be the most independent person I could be. Before college ever started, they taught me some extremely important things that I've held dear through college -- how to take pride in my work (both professionally and school), how to balance my work with my social life, how to be a good brother to siblings and a good friend to my peers, and how to be an independent thinker and person. Perhaps the most important thing, over anything else, is the magnitude of which they've expressed their pride in all the things I've achieved before and all the things I've achieved while at Texas A&M. They truly are my backbone that drives me to keep on working towards my goals and dreams. They are my inspiration.

One of the more important things that I've learned from my siblings (and parents too) is the process of always keeping my priorities in check and always remembering the significance of keeping family close. It's been a both strange and new experience for me throughout college adjusting to being so far away from my family. It was easy for me to adopt the self-sufficient lifestyle but I would occasionally lapse in remembering to stay connected with everybody back home. Something that I always remind myself is that friends and acquaintances come and go but your family is with you for life. My family has been eternally forgiving and encouraging to me. 

Needless to say, I'm thrilled to have Cody and Courtney join me in College Station next Fall. I hope that I'll be able to give them guidance if they should need it and be here for them while they're making the same adjustments I made three years ago. For my sister Maddie, I'm incredibly proud to see how hard she continues to work in school and I know that she'll be in College Station soon enough. Assuming all three end up choosing to finish a degree in Texas A&M, that will make five Aggie Walthers in the family. Incredible feeling.

I look back and reflect on all the people that have came and gone from my life here in College Station. I’ve had some [bumps along the way](https://medium.com/lessons-learned-1/f84528011e69 "Choose peers who achieve more") but I think I've ended up exactly where I need to be so far. I am really thankful of all the people who've touched my life; the bad ones have helped me learn a lesson and the good ones have helped me become who I am right now. I couldn't be happier with the group of people that I call my friends. I've done so many fun things with all of them over the past two years and I know that we’ll continue to have a great time over the next two years.

It’s still hard to believe I actually did it -- I graduated from one of the greatest and largest universities in only three years. Yes, it _did_ take fifteen hours over two summers but otherwise everything (besides my very last semester) else sort of just fell into place. My school work, jobs, personal projects and social life blended together so harmoniously. I wouldn't trade the experience for anything or change a single thing about it. Yes, it was stressful at times. Yes, I could have slowed it down. I didn't want to. I knew I could handle it so I took off running. Now that I’m reaching a finish line, I look ahead at the next one and I've decided that this time I might stroll. 

I feel like I _am_ in a position to say that I certainly rushed through my undergraduate. I do believe that it may have been a little too fast. While I did mention that I wouldn't trade it or change it for anything, I did recognize that there are some things about college that I may have only glanced at or missed entirely. For that reason, I plan to take my graduate degree nice and slow. Yes, the coursework will be tougher. Yes, I’m prepared. Like everything that’s happened so far, I don’t think that the start of my graduate school career could have come at a better time. It’s coming at a time that the majority of my friends will be finishing up college and be ready to have fun before they leave for the real life. It’s coming at a time where my siblings will be in the same town as me and I can have fun with them before I actually advance into the real working world. It’s coming right after I get to experience all that is California. The timing of everything is honestly and sincerely perfect.

I’m thrilled to see what the future has in store. I’m going to keep my long term goals in sight, but I plan to place my mind in the present and enjoy the next two years as much as possible. They’ll most likely come and go way too quickly. I _am_ a little nervous about the future only because it’s unknown but I’m not truly worried about it. I know it will live up to every expectation I have. I've made it this far and I’m going to keep on trucking. This was only one of the innumerable finish lines of life.

My name is Brent Walther and I’m the loudest and proudest member of the Fightin Texas Aggie Class of 2014. Whoop!

<sub>Special thanks to Josh Dover, Tyler Mandry, and Graham Leslie for helping me polish this post.</sub>

