---
layout: post
title: Late Early Bloomer
category: life
---
The tech bubble is taking over our generation by storm. At one point I felt like I was ahead of the game with my programming skills. I still know that my personal skillset has grown tremendously since I started studying computer science but I can't help but notice that there are more and more young people getting into programming earlier in life.

With the emergence of hackathons, the tech industry is seeing an influx of younger and younger coders that want to try and make the next big thing. We see stories everywhere about how "XX" kid created the next viral app in his bedroom in high school and the kids registering for hackathons around America are getting younger. I don't think it's uncommon to see early high school students developing ideas at a hackathon right alongside graduate students almost ten years older. It's all of these people doing incredible things at young ages that I sometimes compare myself to. I know it's not right, however.

Hackathons are just one example of the tech industry exploding with people of younger ages. Now, startups all over the country are being ran by college drop out 20 year olds who have a fiery passion to create the next big thing. Three of my close friends who I am fortunate enough to have the opportunity to work with are those types of people. They founded the startup company that currently employs me. A formal education is no longer a necessary achievement to make it big anymore in tech. One just has to have the smarts, the passion, and the idea to build something that people end up loving to use.

My three founder friends are a great inspiration to me and my decision to work alongside them at a tiny startup company while concurrently attending school has been a careful balancing act. I've spent a long time thinking over my future and what I want in a career. I've teetered on the idea of joining the company fill time without finishing my second degree. I've considered pursuing having the ability to pursue my degree distraction free from a part-time job and focusing solely on education. In the end, I think I've found a medium that is right for me.

This is my second semester in my graduate program at Texas A&M University. After graduating with my bachelors, I came back in the fall for my first semester and by November I was very close to joining the startup company full time. After much deliberation though, I chose to continue my degree and work for the startup part time. The decision was tough because I have two things, my education and the job experience I'm getting, I believe will benefit my a lot down the road. Yet, I analyze the possible other paths I could have taken and wonder if one would have served me better. Up to this point, I feel like I'm doing the best thing for me given the circumstances.

So even though there are teenage kids building the next big with hundreds of thousands of users, I am very content being where I am. At AskU I'm helping build what I believe will change the lifes of many future college students across the country. I'm receiving incredibly valuable experience from peers that I respect deeply, but I am able to stay true to myself and finish the education that I started. My extended education might make me a late bloomer in this progressive tech world, but that's a tradeoff I am willing to make. The extra time in school is worth it to me in the long run.

So, I'll end up getting two degrees and completing 3-4 internships before I turn 24. That's an okay place for me to be. I might be a late bloomer in terms of starting a full time career, but I'm early in the since of having accomplished so much at such a young age too. It all depends on the perspective; it's all relative.
